feat(site-explorer): create power shelves by default (#3276)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: book/src/configuration/configurability.md

Reviewer: This whole section (and doubtless a bunch of others around the docs) could be a bulleted list, or dictionary term entries. If you want to do that, the `ParamField` component is a fun one to play with: https://buildwithfern.com/learn/docs/writing-content/components/parameter-fields

Author: @polarweasel Done! Thanks!

`[site_explorer].run_interval` controls how often background hardware
discovery scans run. `[site_explorer].create_machines` toggles whether
discovered hardware is auto-registered as machines (useful to disable in
manual-onboarding environments). `[site_explorer].create_switches` and

> `[site_explorer].create_power_shelves` are the same toggle for switches and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[site_explorer].create_power_shelves` are the corresponding toggles for switches and
```

Author: @polarweasel Done! Thanks!

| SPDM | siteConfig | `[spdm].enabled` | off | Hardware attestation via NRAS. |
| Rack Management | siteConfig | `rack_management_enabled = true` | off | Standalone infrastructure manager mode (GB200/GB300/VR144). |
| Site Explorer machine auto-creation | siteConfig | `[site_explorer].create_machines` | on | Disable for manual-onboarding environments. |

> | Site Explorer switch / power shelf auto-creation | siteConfig | `[site_explorer].create_switches` / `[site_explorer].create_power_shelves` | on | Ingests only declared hardware (`expected_switches` / `expected_power_shelves` records). Disable to hold switch or power shelf ingestion back site-wide. |

Author: Added a dedicated matrix row for `explore_power_shelves_from_static_ip` -- discovery vs creation now distinguished. PTAL. Resolve if good, thanks!

| SPDM | siteConfig | `[spdm].enabled` | off | Hardware attestation via NRAS. |
| Rack Management | siteConfig | `rack_management_enabled = true` | off | Standalone infrastructure manager mode (GB200/GB300/VR144). |
| Site Explorer machine auto-creation | siteConfig | `[site_explorer].create_machines` | on | Disable for manual-onboarding environments. |

> | Site Explorer switch / power shelf auto-creation | siteConfig | `[site_explorer].create_switches` / `[site_explorer].create_power_shelves` | on | Ingests only declared hardware (`expected_switches` / `expected_power_shelves` records). Disable to hold switch or power shelf ingestion back site-wide. |

Reviewer: Either use "pause" here, or "hold back", but don't split "hold back" if you use it.
```suggestion
| Site Explorer switch / power shelf auto-creation | siteConfig | `[site_explorer].create_switches` / `[site_explorer].create_power_shelves` | on | Ingests only declared hardware (`expected_switches` / `expected_power_shelves` records). Disable to pause switch or power shelf ingestion site-wide. |
```

Author: @polarweasel Done! Thanks!
